{
	"There was an old version of Premiere Bot.. it was bad.. This version is way better!",
	"%s is cool lol",
	"The aroma of fresh-baked bread filled the kitchen",
	"An apple a day keeps the doctor away",
	"Why does this bot exist?",
	"Did you know you can use the command !saynextchat, and the bot will say your next chat?",
	"Bees buzz around, busy with their work",
	"Birds chirp in the early morning",
	"The sound of rain is calming and soothing",
	"Mountains stand tall and proud",
	"Whales are the gentle giants of the sea",
	"Waterfalls cascade with grace and power",
	"Theres like a 1% chance you see this message.",
	"In the heart of the city, life never seems to slow down",
	"ChatGPT did NOT help me get these messages..",
	"Fireflies create a magical atmosphere in the evening",
	"Stars twinkle in the night sky.",
	"Who even made this bot? Well, you might know idk.",
	"Raindrops gently pattered on the windowpane",
	"Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana",
	"I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won't stop sending me Kit Kat bars",
	"I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me",
	"The mummy was all wrapped up in his work",
	"I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something",
	"Coffee warms the body and awakens the mind",
	"Snow-covered landscapes are pristine and serene",
	"Dogs are cool right?",
	"This game kinda reminds me of something.",
	"Sunsets paint the sky in a riot of colors.",
	"I need to go to the bathroom.",
	"Suggest more random messages like these, with the !suggestmessage command.",
	"Birds sing their melodies in the morning light",
	"You should make a video with this bot, it might get popular.",
	"Snowflakes fall gently from the sky.",
	"Follow this bot on Roblox pls",
	"Theres 100 of these messages i'm pretty sure.",
	"Do !randommessage again! I'm bored!",
    "Roblox is honestly getting kinda boring.",
	"I need help with math.",
	"If you know how to code.. good for you.",
	"This bot actually took 1000+ lines of code..",
	"The hours I spent making this bot.. I could've studied.",
	"Thank you for using the bot!",
	"What's up?",
	"Study? nope. Write random messages because you're bored? yes.",
	"What's some more commands I should add? THAT ARE POSSIBLE!",
	"The night sky is a blanket of stars.",
	"I almost got a detention.",
	"The universe is vast and full of mysteries",
	"I was thinking about an !emote command, that would be pretty sick wouldn't it?",
	"You can actually make the bot dance by doing !chat /e dance but it doesn't show in videos, idk why.",
	"Wow. 100 lines of this code are these random messages.",
	"I need to listen to some music, i'm bored.",
	"Some commands have aliases, for example, you can use !talk instead of chat.",
	"Somehow some people don't know, but this bot can walk, by saying !walk, it will walk to you. Theres no pathfinding.",
	"I was working on a !follow command.",
	"I'm listening to heavy metal while writing these.",
  "random message lol",
  "You expect me to do everything i'm told?",
  "Roblox's anticheat can't stop me",
  "This was gonna get discontinued, but im running of bluestacks right now if you know what that is",
  "Any lagginess is caused by my internet and pc. I cannot switch that.",
  "Stop thinking that !tp teleports you to the bot, it doesn't.",
  "Please, I honestly don't know what to put here, so using the !suggestmessage command would be pretty helpful :)",
  "I'm being forced to write these.",
  "donate.premierebot.pro, i need money.",
  "U should totally suggest one of these messages by doing !suggestmessage and then your message",
  ":/",
  "I need robux lol",
  "If u wanna see who made this bot, just say !credits",
  "!walkspeed and !jumppower and change the bots walkspeed and jumppower.",
  "Say !tp and then say !turn and the bot will lay down lol",
  "e",
  "A",
  "hi",
  ":)"
}
